After all, I am the newly rich person in Long Xuyen.
You asked me to apologize to a stinky delivery person.
Why did he accept my apology?
Just because he is my Fu Yannian's wife.
The daughter of the family
Impatient
Don't be deceived by this girl.
He is just a person with no education, no background.
Only depends on men's trash
What kind of man is attached to someone like him?
Consider him unlucky.
Co Kha Dinh, if you don't know shame
At first I contributed money.
Turning him and his mother from scavengers into rich people.
Gentleman, shut up.
Sorry my wife.
Otherwise I will beat your Luc family back to its original form.
Let mother and child return home
Pick up trash
You also have 100 billion orders from Bang Dien Group.
You don't need to care about him
Yes, me and the civic group.
I still signed the order.
Wait for me to fall.
Received signed order from Binh Binh Group.
This development is not just Tu Thang's dream.
When my business comes to Icefield
You can fly into the sky.
Overcoming a writer is only a matter of time.
At that time, you won't be worthy of the title you gave me.
Stop dreaming about spring and autumn.
Hundreds of billions of orders from Bang Dien Group
Absolutely cannot give it to your Luc family.
What are you doing?
No, are you crazy?
Don't you dare touch this.
This originally belonged to my house.
If I want to touch, then touch.